## Spin
Not spin like plant, but a fundamental property of particles, like charge or
mass. So it is not something that a particle does, but something it has, like
something the weighs 1.5 kg, it may have a spin of 3 (just making the numbers
up). Spin is a fundamental property of particles, like charge or mass.

Spin values are quantized, meaning that they can only take on certain values.
Electrons, protons, and neutrons have a spin of +1/2 or -1/2.

I've read that spin is about angular momentum but not in the classical physics
sense. Spin insn't about the particle moving through space, but about the
particle's intrinsic angular momentum. It's a property of the particle, not
something it does.

Me:
```
Iâ€™m confused by the usage of angular momentum with regards to spin. The usage of
angular momentum sounds like a measurement of rotation or am I misunderstanding
the name?
```
ChatGPT 4:
```
Your confusion is understandable. The term "angular momentum" in the context of
spin in quantum mechanics can indeed be misleading if interpreted through
everyday experiences of rotation and circular motion.

1. Classical Angular Momentum: In classical physics, angular momentum is
indeed associated with the rotation of an object around an axis. For example, a
spinning top, a planet orbiting the sun, or a swinging pendulum all have
classical angular momentum. It's a measure of the extent to which an object is
rotating and depends on the object's mass, shape, and how fast it's spinning or
orbiting.

2. Quantum Spin as a Form of Angular Momentum: In quantum mechanics, "spin"
is a form of angular momentum, but it's not due to any literal spinning motion.
Particles like electrons have spin, but they are point-like with no internal
structure to spin around an axis. Spin in quantum mechanics is an intrinsic
property of particles, much like mass or charge. It's a fundamental aspect of a
particle's identity, defined by the mathematics of quantum theory.

3. Why the Term 'Angular Momentum'?: The reason we use the term "angular
momentum" for spin is largely historical and mathematical. Spin obeys
mathematical rules similar to those of classical angular momentum (like
conservation laws), and it contributes to the total angular momentum of systems
in quantum mechanics. But unlike classical angular momentum, it doesn't
correspond to any visible motion.

In summary, while spin is a type of angular momentum in quantum mechanics, it
doesn't involve actual rotation or circular motion. It's an intrinsic quantum
property that follows some of the same mathematical rules as classical angular
momentum but doesn't have a direct analogy in everyday physical motion.
```
